=pod

=begin readme text

RPC::ExtDirect::Server
======================

=end readme

=for readme stop

=head1 NAME

RPC::ExtDirect::Server - Tiny but capable Ext.Direct server

=head1 SYNOPSIS

    use RPC::ExtDirect::Server;

    my $server = RPC::ExtDirect::Server->new(static_dir => 'htdocs');
    my $port   = $server->port;

    print "Ext.Direct server is running on port $port\n";

    $server->run();

=head1 DESCRIPTION

=for readme continue

This module implements a minimal Ext.Direct capable server in pure Perl.
Its main purpose it to be used as lightweight drop-in replacement for
more complex production environments like Plack or Apache/mod_perl, i.e.
for testing and mockups. It can also be used as the basis for production
application servers when feature richness is not a requirement, or when
resource consumption is of primary concern.

=for readme stop

=head1 METHODS

=over 4

=item new(%params)

Create a new server instance with specified parameters:

=over 8

=item host

Hostname or IP address to bind to. Defaults to 127.0.0.1.

=item port

Port to bind to. Defaults to randomly generated in 30000-40000 range.

=item static_dir

Path to directory with static content. This parameter is mandatory.

=back

=item run

Run the server. This method never returns.

=back

=begin readme

=head1 INSTALLATION

To install this module type the following:

    perl Makefile.PL
    make && make test
    make install

=end readme

=for readme stop

=head1 BUGS AND LIMITATIONS

There are no known bugs in this module. Use github tracker to report bugs
(the best way) or just drop me an e-mail. Patches are welcome.

=head1 ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS

I would like to thank IntelliSurvey, Inc for sponsoring my work
on this module.

=for readme continue

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright (c) 2012-2014 Alex Tokarev E<lt>tokarev@cpan.orgE<gt>.

This module is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the same terms as Perl itself. See L<perlartistic>.

=cut
